Adding examples for getAllSites API usage (#21979)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/site-getallsites.md

# sites: getAllSites

> List [sites](../resources/site.md) across geographies in an organization. This API can also be used to enumerate all sites in a non-multigeo tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List [sites](../resources/site.md) across geographies in an organization. This API can also be used to enumerate all sites in a non-multi-geo tenant.
```
